mixing formats and media types (#183)
oauth-wg/draft-ietf-oauth-status-list: draft-ietf-oauth-status-list.md

If the Relying Party does not send an Accept Header, the response type is assumed to be known implicit or out-of-band.

> ## Status List Response {#status-types-response}

Reviewer: Why is the reference called status-**types**-response?

Author: copy paste mistake - fixed it

> In the successful response, the Status List Provider SHOULD use the following content-type:

Author: Would this work for you @paulbastian?
```suggestion
In the successful response, the Status List Provider MUST use the following content-type unless known out of band:
```

{::include ./examples/status_list_jwt_raw}
~~~

## Status List Response {#status-list-response}

> In the successful response, the Status List Provider MUST use the following content-type unless known out of band:

Author: ```suggestion
In the successful response, the Status List Provider MUST use the following content-type:
```

The Status List Issuer may chunk its Referenced Tokens into multiple Status Lists to reduce the transmission size of an individual Status List Token. This may be useful for setups where some entities operate in constrained environments, e.g. for mobile internet or embedded devices.

## Status List Formats

 This specification defines 4 different formats of the status list:

 - JSON
 - JWT
 - CBOR
 - CWT

> This specification states no requirements to not mix different formats like a CBOR based token using a JWT for the status list, but the expectation is that within an ecosystem, a choice for specific formats is made.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This specification states no requirements to not mix different formats like a CBOR based Referenced Token using a JWT for the Status List, but the expectation is that within an ecosystem, a choice for specific formats is made.
```

The Status List Issuer may chunk its Referenced Tokens into multiple Status Lists to reduce the transmission size of an individual Status List Token. This may be useful for setups where some entities operate in constrained environments, e.g. for mobile internet or embedded devices.

## Status List Formats

>  This specification defines 4 different formats that can be used to provide a status list:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 This specification defines 4 different formats of the status list:
```

 - JSON
 - JWT
 - CBOR
 - CWT

> This decision was made to allow the highest degree of freedom to use the variant that best fits the ecosystem & use-case intending to add a status or validity information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Generally we shouldn't document decisions in spec text.

The Status List Issuer may chunk its Referenced Tokens into multiple Status Lists to reduce the transmission size of an individual Status List Token. This may be useful for setups where some entities operate in constrained environments, e.g. for mobile internet or embedded devices.

## Status List Formats

 This specification defines 4 different formats of the status list:

 - JSON
 - JWT
 - CBOR
 - CWT

This specification states no requirements to not mix different formats like a CBOR based Referenced Token using a JWT for the Status List, but the expectation is that within an ecosystem, a choice for specific formats is made.
Within such an ecosystem, only support for those selected variants is required and implementations should know what to expect via a profile.

> The return type of a status list should be signaled by media type as described in [](#status-list-response). If no media type was provided and the expected type is not clearly defined the ecosystem, implementations should be robust to parsing errors. In that case, a client MAY attempt to guess the media type via inspection of the response or name extension(s) of the URI.

Author: ```suggestion
```
